what's up guys Invictus here rescue
mission done purity of revenge this is
what we're doing now optional wipe out
the silver hand I don't think I'm gonna
do that just because I want to save any
opportunities in the future I might have
with this character I plan on doing all
of that or all the guilds with this
character so I just want to keep
everything open just in case
retrieve the fragments of with
rottenness so what is that I'm guessing
we have to go outside and as up here
know you discovered okay let me what a
dawn storm then make my way from there
okay so I'm gonna there there's a Skyrim
logo on the slider bar I haven't seen
one yet so I'm a little bit apprehensive
as to what it means winter hold imperial
camp discovered and this is what it is
so maybe I have seen one I just can't
remember nevertheless very cool indeed
and I'll have to talk to these Imperial
quartermaster what do you need does this
guy have a really crazy stuff appear
elbow no no
Oh
that's kind of cool stealer no is
sanctified greatsword that's kind of
cool but not up my alley
hmm yeah weird anyways very cool
all right summer here drift shade refuge
cool stuff forget what we're even here
for its supposed to get something
fragments of wolf Brad yeah right
fragments enter drift free cheat refuge
and this is another dungeon there's a
Newton here as soon as we walk in Jesus
to park
forty-four volts and walk feathers I'll
ring it book that's marrows perfect when
we go there's a level right here get to
a gate the bars come down and then it is
on to drift shade seller Casey get to
this point where you can unlock a cage
for a werewolf a little bit apprehensive
as to what might happen when I do this
fucker but I'm also kind of anxious to
see maybe if he's one of us or what's
going on okay
okay so another door and we're in drift
shade refuge I guess alright this looks
like maybe a last ditch type of a room
such as LOI at that guy
Oh whitey shot shut up
the fuck is your color just let sure in
the twice little bit okay
holy moly look at that that's nice too
okay what is up here that is so
important
these are the fragrance of with rod
perfect okay we have those fun to your
vascular okay so that completed the
period of revenge now it started just
amore the dead which will be the next
video you guys have a really good night
and thanks for watching